feat: initial import (#1)
cloudnative-pg/machinery: README.md

[![CloudNativePG](./logo/cloudnativepg.png)](https://cloudnative-pg.io/)

# CloudNativePG - Machinery

> The [CloudNativePG code base](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg)
> is not designed to be used as a library.
> 
> This repository contains a Go module including the features that were move out
> from the [CloudNativePG](https://cloudnative-pg.io) code base because they are
> useful by other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CloudNativePG codebase](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg)is not intended to be used as a library.

This repository hosts a Go module that includes features that were moved out
of the [CloudNativePG](https://cloudnative-pg.io) codebase to make them
accessible for use in other projects.
```
